docs(documentation): Documentation Update for 'Interface for Managing Meta Data' feature (#521)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-documentation/doc/Development/Guides/BuildingSites/ComponentsStarterKit.md

### MetaData Component

Bodiless provides a set of HOC's which work with react-helmet to place editable
meta-tags in the document HEAD.  A Site Builder can find examples of adding editable or 
non-editable (static) meta data into head section from
`src/components/Layout/meta.tsx`.

For full code, please
[review code](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/starter/src/components/Layout/meta.tsx).

See below for instructions on how to add meta data to a page's head and make it editable for site 
editors.

- #### Adding SEO form to Editor interface
  The `withMetaForm` provides ability to insert a SEO form
within the editor interface for the site editor to manipulate meta data per
page.

>   First, import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  First, import `withMetaForm` from @bodiless/components package:
```

  ```
  import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components;
  ```
  `withMetaForm` takes 2 parameters:

>   1. useGetMenuOptions: defines SEO form menu button appearance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. `useGetMenuOptions`: defines SEO form menu button appearance. 
```

      ```
      {
        name: 'seo',                     // Menu item name
        isHidden: () => !context.isEdit, // Hidden the button in preview mode
        icon: 'category',                // Button icon
        label: 'SEO',                    // Button label
      },
      ```

>   1. metaFormHeader: [Optional] defines SEO form title and description for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. `metaFormHeader`: [Optional] defines SEO form title and description for users.
```

  e.g.:
      ```
      const withMetaPageDescription = withMeta({
        name: 'description',
        useFormElement: () => useMenuOptionUI().ComponentFormTextArea,
        label: 'Description',
        placeholder: 'Rec < 160 char',
      });
      ```
  ***useFormElement*** provides a function that returns a UI input component (e.g. "ComponentFormText", "ComponentFormTextArea", etc.).

  To apply this field to the meta form previously created, you can use flowRight:
  ``` 
  const SeoHelmet = flowRight(
    withMetaForm(useGetMenuOptions, seoFormHeader),
    asBodilessHelmet('meta'),
    withMetaPageDescription('description', ''),
  )(Helmet);
  ```
  ***asBodilessHelmet*** HOC specifies `meta` as nodeKey for server side storage, and the description content will be saved in data file named `meta$description.json`.
- #### Meta Data Rendering
  In addition to defining the form fields, the calls to `withMeta*` also render
  the meta-tags to the page document head, using data from the json files which were
  written by the editor. 
  
  The recommendation is the content editor can set the meta data per page, but the 

>   site-level meta is not exposed to content editor for modication. The reason being the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  site-level meta is not exposed to content editor for modification. The reason being the 
```

### MetaData Component

Bodiless provides a set of HOC's which work with react-helmet to place editable
meta-tags in the document HEAD.  A Site Builder can find examples of adding editable or 
non-editable (static) meta data into head section from
`src/components/Layout/meta.tsx`.

For full code, please
[review code](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/test-site/src/components/Layout/meta.tsx).

> Below, it is illustrated how to add the meta data to page head and make it editable for site 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See below for instructions on how to add meta data to a page's head and make it editable for site
```

editors.

- #### Adding SEO form to Editor interface
  The `withMetaForm` provides ability to insert a SEO form
within the editor inferface for the site editor to manipulate meta date per

> page. So first, import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components package: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
page. 
First, import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components package: 
```

  ```
  import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components;
  ```
  `withMetaForm` takes 2 parameters:
  - useGetMenuOptions: defines SEO form menu button apparence. 
    ```
    {
      name: 'seo',                     // Menu item name
      isHidden: () => !context.isEdit, // Hidden the button in preview mode
      icon: 'category',                // Button icon
      label: 'SEO',                    // Button label
    },
    ```
  - metaFormHeader: [Optional] defined SEO form title and description for users.
    ```
    {
      title: 'SEO Data form',
      description: `Enter the page level data used for SEO ...`
    };
    ```

>   Then, apply this HOC to Helment component:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Then, apply this HOC to Helmet component:
```

  ```
  const SeoHelmet = withMetaForm(useGetMenuOptions, seoFormHeader)(Helmet);
  ```
- #### Adding meta data fields to Editor interface

>   Next, define the form fields so site editor could update content of meta data displayed 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Next, define the form fields so site editor can update content of meta data displayed 
```

>   on the head section of each page. For example, to add editable meta description field, first import withMeta from '@bodiless/components', then create HOC withMetaPageDescription with meta field name `description`, form field label `Description` and a placeholder text, i.e.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  on the head section of each page. For example, to add editable meta description field:
  1. Import withMeta from '@bodiless/components'.
  2. Create HOC withMetaPageDescription with meta field name `description`, form field label `Description` and a placeholder text.
  e.g.:
```

>   ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```
```

>   ```

Reviewer 2: make sure to put space around code examples

  const withMetaPageDescription = withMeta({
    name: 'description',
    useFormElement: () => useMenuOptionUI().ComponentFormTextArea,
    label: 'Description',
    placeholder: 'Rec < 160 char',
  });
  ```

>   where useFormElement provides function that returns an UI input component, i.e. *ComponentFormText*, *ComponentFormTextArea*, etc.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ***useFormElement*** provides a function that returns a UI input component (e.g. "ComponentFormText", "ComponentFormTextArea", etc.)
```

>   To apply this field to meta form previously created, you can use flowRight:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To apply this field to the meta form previously created, you can use flowRight:
```

  ``` 
  const SeoHelmet = flowRight(
    withMetaForm(useGetMenuOptions, seoFormHeader),
    asBodilessHelmet('meta'),
    withMetaPageDescription('description', ''),
  )(Helmet);
  ```

>   here, asBodilessHelmet HOC specifies `meta` as nodeKey for server side storage, and the description content will be saved in data file named `meta$description.json`.

Reviewer 2: Be sure to keep lines to 80 char in length.

>   here, asBodilessHelmet HOC specifies `meta` as nodeKey for server side storage, and the description content will be saved in data file named `meta$description.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ***asBodilessHelmet*** HOC specifies `meta` as nodeKey for server side storage, and the description content will be saved in data file named `meta$description.json`.
```

### MetaData Component

Bodiless provides a set of HOC's which work with react-helmet to place editable
meta-tags in the document HEAD.  A Site Builder can find examples of adding editable or 
non-editable (static) meta data into head section from
`src/components/Layout/meta.tsx`.

For full code, please

> [review code](https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/tree/master/examples/test-site/src/components/Layout/meta.tsx).

Reviewer: Can we point to /starter/src/components/Layout/meta.tsx?   It will exist as soon as this PR is merged -> https://github.com/johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS/pull/482/files#diff-73c3b657c7700c3fded413f065fcb0a7

Author: I see

See below for instructions on how to add meta data to a page's head and make it editable for site 
editors.

- #### Adding SEO form to Editor interface
  The `withMetaForm` provides ability to insert a SEO form

> within the editor inferface for the site editor to manipulate meta date per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
within the editor interface for the site editor to manipulate meta data per
```

page.

  First, import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components package:
  ```
  import withMetaForm from @bodiless/components;
  ```
  `withMetaForm` takes 2 parameters:

>   - useGetMenuOptions: defines SEO form menu button apparence. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - useGetMenuOptions: defines SEO form menu button appearance. 
```

    ```
    {
      name: 'seo',                     // Menu item name
      isHidden: () => !context.isEdit, // Hidden the button in preview mode
      icon: 'category',                // Button icon
      label: 'SEO',                    // Button label
    },
    ```
  - metaFormHeader: [Optional] defined SEO form title and description for users.
    ```
    {
      title: 'SEO Data form',
      description: `Enter the page level data used for SEO ...`
    };
    ```
  Then, apply this HOC to Helmet component:
  ```
  const SeoHelmet = withMetaForm(useGetMenuOptions, seoFormHeader)(Helmet);
  ```

> - #### Adding meta data fields to Editor interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### Adding Meta Data Fields to Editor interface
```

  Next, define the form fields so site editor can update content of meta data displayed 
  on the head section of each page. For example, to add editable meta description field:
  1. Import withMeta from '@bodiless/components'.
  1. Create HOC withMetaPageDescription with meta field name `description`, form field label `Description` and a placeholder text.
  e.g.:
      ```
      const withMetaPageDescription = withMeta({
        name: 'description',
        useFormElement: () => useMenuOptionUI().ComponentFormTextArea,
        label: 'Description',
        placeholder: 'Rec < 160 char',
      });
      ```
  ***useFormElement*** provides a function that returns a UI input component (e.g. "ComponentFormText", "ComponentFormTextArea", etc.).

  To apply this field to the meta form previously created, you can use flowRight:
  ``` 
  const SeoHelmet = flowRight(
    withMetaForm(useGetMenuOptions, seoFormHeader),
    asBodilessHelmet('meta'),
    withMetaPageDescription('description', ''),
  )(Helmet);
  ```
  ***asBodilessHelmet*** HOC specifies `meta` as nodeKey for server side storage, and the description content will be saved in data file named `meta$description.json`.

> - #### Meta data rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- #### Meta Data Rendering
```

>   In addition fo defining the form fields, the calls to `withMeta*` also render

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In addition to defining the form fields, the calls to `withMeta*` also render
```

> the meta-tags to the page document head, using data from json objects which were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the meta-tags to the page document head, using data from the json files which were
```

> written by the editor. You can also see defined here some site-level meta-tags

Reviewer: after the period here..  Start a new paragraph:

The recommendation is the content editor can set the meta data per page, but the site-level meta is not exposed to content editor for modication.  The reason being the site-level meta data is set once per site on the site build and changes very infrequently to never, so there is little need to allow a content editor to change this data.
